So let's work on the shopping list added component in its template.
I want to add a bootstrap role and in there want to have a Culham spanning the full width like that
and in there I'll add a form element no word and remove the action because we're not going to send the
request to the server.
Once this is submitted but we will have a look at submitting forms later in this course we have a whole
section about that.
And that is when we will fill this form with more life.
For now in this form I want to have a row and this should now maybe have a width of only five.
On small devices on very small devices it should span the full width which is why I'm using the S M
class here and it should also have the form group bootstrap class attached to it.
This Dave and in here all have a label for the name of my items also a name here as a text and I'll
add an input of typed text that's correct with ID name so that this label refers to it.
And then here this should receive class form control to make it look nice in bootstraps world next to
it and that is why I chose to not give this column the full width.
I want to have a number div with with let's say 2 because it's going to be a very small input.
Then also the form group they have a class here and in there a number label for the amount let's say
amount here and then the input of type text here or maybe even of type number to be honest which gets
the ID amount and then the class for in control.
So that's give us the inputs the user will later use to add new ingredients Buelow my inputs year or
add another row which will now span the full width and here on to have a couple of buttons which allow
me to manage this item creation or editing process.
The first part now at your with the style button button success to make it look green and bootstraps
world will be of type submit because this button should actually submit the form later.
And I will say add there because it allows us to add a new item the second button will be of type button
because it should not submit the form.
This button should simply delete de-select the recipe ingredient because later we will be able to click
a ingredient and will then be loaded into the input fields up here.
And if we click delete Well it simply will be removed.
So delete item or just delete maybe and then the last one which allows us to clear the form.
If we loaded the item we wanted to add it and then decided to not do that.
I went to the back which allows me to clear the form.
So here I will maybe make this Baloo with putten primary.
If we save this this is actually how I want this form to look.
We have an input field for the amount for the name and our buttons which later will be filled with some
live so that we can manage to increase and